Add pr-context-synthesis skill (#4374)
cowprotocol/services: docs/skills/pr-context-synthesis.md

# Skill — PR context synthesis

Use to produce a tight 1–3 paragraph *what / why / how* block for a single PR (or PR-shaped change). Consumed by the PR review report's CONTEXT section and by [`pr-blame-walk`](pr-blame-walk.md), which calls this skill once per candidate PR before scoring.

## How to invoke

Two ways:

> - **Procedurally** — follow the rules below when you need a tight 1–3 paragraph synthesis (CONTEXT block of `/review-pr`, per-candidate block in `pr-blame-walk`, ad-hoc *"summarise this PR for me"*).

Reviewer: Doesn't this mean that this PR is blocked by the one for pr-blame-walk?

Author: good catch 👀 i dropped the reference, so the skill is self invoked

- **Via slash command** — `/pr-synthesis <N|owner/repo#N|url>` fetches the PR, linked issue, and diff for you and prints the synthesis verbatim.

## Inputs

> - `<pr_text>` — PR title and body. If there is no PR yet (e.g. local-diff mode), substitute the branch name plus the relevant commit messages.

Reviewer: A bit more accurate (?)
```suggestion
- `<pr_text>` — PR title and body. If there is no PR yet (e.g. local-diff mode), use the current branch name and the relevant commit messages (i.e. diff against `main`).
```

- `<linked_issue>` — title and body of any issue referenced via `Fixes #N` / `Closes #N` / `Resolves #N`. May be empty.

> - `<diff_summary>` — file scope plus a codemap or per-file note of the actual change. The ground truth the synthesis must stay anchored to.

Reviewer: If this is the ground truth, should it be first in the list so the follow up items are interpreted with this in context?

Author: yep, that makes sense. reordered this to go first
